TODO.md, before:

TODO Right Now - 4/25/24 overnight - josh 😢😢😢😢😢😭😭

- Arm code
  - PCA9685 to Pi - using python, perhaps... might be quick

- Drive code
  - SquareDrive class
    - uses existing Motor class

- Make a TESTING ROUTINES .MD ! ! !
  - Drive
    - Instructions for us to ensure pins are set correctly
    - Instructions for directional testing of each motor once pin mapping is good
  - Arm
    - Same old pinout check (way easier though)
    - Instructions to test arm directions and switch them incrementally



# What if we make it run some autonomous demos for Friday...?
Just for HARDWARE proof that it can run off that???
This might mean NOT using the WebUI


---
In theory, nice to have:
  - AIMING, which needs:
    - webcam access, ideally streaming the opencv output to the webserver
      - consider... CameraServer??? https://docs.wpilib.org/en/stable/docs/software/vision-processing/wpilibpi/using-cameraserver.html
    - a PID controller or other motion controller to point the drivetrain at that spot
      - not impossible... but takes *LOTS of time!*

Commit message:

Lotsa Cleanup!!!
- Removed some accidentally committed files (how the heck was thonny-4.1.4.exe just THERE???)
- Moved around some jarduino files to a drive_lib folder and scripts_for_testing folder
- Wrote some more README and TODO

TODO.md, after:

TODO from 5/11/24 - Josh!
  (Check a previous GitHub version of this for older tasks that are complete if you need to.)

- Make a TESTING ROUTINES .MD ! ! !
  - Drive
    - Instructions for us to ensure pins are set correctly
    - Instructions for directional testing of each motor once pin mapping is good
  - Arm
    - Same old pinout check (way easier though)
    - Instructions to test arm directions and switch them incrementally


# What if we make it run some autonomous demos for Friday...?
Just for HARDWARE proof that it can run off that???
This might mean NOT using the WebUI... or maybe the WebUI has control to start and stop it? ;)

- Finish the README eventually LOL, plus *some* docs

---
In theory, nice to have:
  - AIMING, which needs:
    - webcam access, ideally streaming the opencv output to the webserver
      - consider... CameraServer??? https://docs.wpilib.org/en/stable/docs/software/vision-processing/wpilibpi/using-cameraserver.html
      - *update:* this has been addressed via WebSockets... perchance?
    - a PID controller or other motion controller to point the drivetrain at that spot
      - not impossible... but takes *LOTS of time!*
